Add docs for MySQL timestamptz handling (#19231)
trinodb/trino: docs/src/main/sphinx/connector/mysql.md

No other types are supported.

### Timestamp type handling

> MySQL `TIMESTAMP` types with are mapped to a Trino `TIMESTAMP WITH TIME ZONE`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
MySQL `TIMESTAMP` types are mapped to Trino `TIMESTAMP WITH TIME ZONE`.
```

To preserve time instants, Trino sets the session time zone
of the MySQL connection to match the JVM time zone.

> Because of this, users may experience an issue if the JVM time

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As a result, error messages similar to the following example occur when a timezone from the JVM does not exist on the MySQL server:
```

> To preserve time instants, Trino's use of the MySQL JDBC driver sets the JVM
> time zone as the session zone and forces the server's time zone to match the
> JVM time zone. Because of this, users may experience an issue if the JVM time

Reviewer 2: I'm not a native English speaker, but the order of this sentence makes it hard to understand. How about this?
```suggestion
To preserve time instants, Trino sets the session time zone
of the MySQL connection to match the JVM time zone.
Because of this, users may experience an issue if the JVM time
```

Author: This is much more clear, thank you.

> zone does not exist on the MySQL server, receiving an error similar to:

Reviewer: Remove this line

```
com.mysql.cj.exceptions.CJException: Unknown or incorrect time zone: 'UTC'
```

> Users will need to use a time zone that is known to both the JVM and MySQL,

Reviewer: Replacement paragraph.

```
To avoid the errors, you must use a time zone that is known on both systems, or [install the missing time zone on the MySQL server](https://dev.mysql.com/doc/refman/8.0/en/time-zone-support.html#time-zone-installation).
```
